Update detection rules landing page (#12980)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/detection_rules/_index.md

- With [Cloud Workload Security][5], the Datadog Agent actively monitors system activity and evaluates it against a set of detection rules.

> - [Application Security][7] is enabled with the Datadog Agent and libraries to monitor application-level attacks aiming to exploit code-level vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Application Security][7] leverages Datadog [APM][8], the [Datadog Agent][9], and in-app [detection rules][10] to detect threats in your application environment.
```

## Creating and managing detection rules

The [Detection Rules][6] page lets you search all detection rules by rule type. Quickly enable, disable, edit, delete, and clone rules. To create a custom [detection rule][3], click on the **New Rule** button in the top right corner of the page.

### Finding detection rules

The free text search filters Detection Rules by text in the rule name or query. Query results update in real-time when the query is edited—there is no “Search” button to click.

#### Filter by facet

Use facets in the left panel to scope a search query by value. For example, if you have several rule types, such as `log detection` or `cloud configuration`, filter by `only` to see rules by rule type.

> {{< img src="security_platform/security_monitoring/detection_rules/rule_type_filter.png" alt="Filtering by rule type, such as a log detection or cloud configuration, in Datadog" >}}

Reviewer: ❤️

You can also filter by facets such as `source` and `severity` to help when investigating and triaging incoming issues. To include all facets within a category in search again, hover a value in the panel and click **all**.

**Note**: By default, all facets are selected.

### Rules table

Rules are displayed in the detection rules table. You can sort the table by clicking on the **Sort by** option in the top right corner of the table. For example, sort by **Highest Severity** to triage high-impact misconfigurations and threats.

Columns can be added or removed with the options menu.

#### Enabling or disabling a rule

Enable or disable a rule using the toggle switch to the right of the rule.

#### Rule and generated signal options

Click on the three dot menu, next to the rule toggle, and select any of the provided options: Edit, Clone, Delete, or View generated signals.

- Click edit to update queries, adjust triggers, manage notifications or adjust rule configuration.

>   -  **Note**: You can only edit an out-of-the-box (OOTB) rule by first cloning the rule, and then modifying the rule. To edit a default rule, click on **Edit** and scroll to the bottom of the rule configuration page. Click **Clone**, and then modify the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  **Note**: You can only edit an out-of-the-box (OOTB) rule by first cloning the rule, and then modifying the rule. To edit a default rule, click **Edit** and scroll to the bottom of the rule configuration page. Click **Clone**, and then modify the rule.
```

> - Clone a rule is helpful if you wish to duplicate an existing rule and lightly modify settings to cover other areas of detection. For example, duplicate a log detection rule and modify from **Threshold** to **Anomaly** to add new dimension to threat detection using the same queries and triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cloning a rule is helpful if you wish to duplicate an existing rule and lightly modify settings to cover other areas of detection. For example, you could duplicate a log detection rule and modify it from **Threshold** to **Anomaly** to add new dimension to threat detection using the same queries and triggers.
```

[4]: /security_platform/cspm/
[5]: /security_platform/cloud_workload_security/
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules

> [7]: /security_platform/explorer/

Author: ```suggestion
[7]: /security_platform/explorer/
[8]: /tracing/
[9]: /agent/
```
